 # Privacy Policy
 <p>This privacy policy sets out how our website uses and protects any information that you give our website when you use this website. Our website is committed to ensuring that your privacy is protected. Should we ask you to provide certain information by which you can be identified when using this website, then you can be assured that it will only be used in accordance with this privacy statement. We may change this policy from time to time by updating this page. You should check this page from time to time to ensure that you are happy with any changes.</p> <h2>What we collect</h2> <p>We do not collect any of your information!</p> <p>&nbsp;</p> <p><strong>&nbsp;Security</strong></p> <p>We are committed to ensuring that your information is secure. In order to prevent unauthorised access or disclosure, we have put in place suitable physical, electronic and managerial procedures to safeguard and secure the information we collect online.</p> <div class="blueText"><strong>Google</strong></div> <p>&nbsp;</p> <div class="innerText">Google's advertising requirements can be summed up by Google's Advertising Principles. They are put in place to provide a positive experience for users. Please see their <a href="https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/6004245">Privacy Policy</a> for further details. <br /><br /></div> <div class="innerText">We may use Google AdSense Advertising on our website.</div> <div class="innerText"><br />Google, as a third-party vendor, uses cookies to serve ads on our site. Google's use of the DART cookie enables it to serve ads to our users based on previous visits to our site and other sites on the Internet. Users may opt-out of the use of the DART cookie by visiting the Google Ad and Content Network privacy policy. </div> <div class="innerText"><br /><strong>We have implemented the following:</strong></div> <div class="innerText">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> Google Display Network Impression Reporting</div> <div class="innerText">&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; <strong>&bull;</strong> Demographics and Interests Reporting</div> <p>&nbsp;</p> <div class="innerText">We, along with third-party vendors such as Google use first-party cookies (such as the Google Analytics cookies) and third-party cookies (such as the DoubleClick cookie) or other third-party identifiers together to compile data regarding user interactions with ad impressions and other ad service functions as they relate to our website.</div> <div class="innerText"><br /><strong>Opting out:<br />Users can set preferences for how Google advertises to you using the Google Ad Settings page. Alternatively, you can opt out by visiting the Network Advertising Initiative Opt Out page or by using the Google Analytics Opt Out Browser add on.</strong></div>
